coffee

ICO EXPORTERS TO MODIFY NEW PROPOSAL

LONDON, Feb 26 -

International Coffee Organization (ICO) exporters will modify their
new proposal on quota resumption before presenting it to importers
tomorrow, ICO delegates said.  The change, which will be discussed
tonight informally among producers, follows talks after the formal
producer session with the eight-member producer splinter group and
will affect the proposed quota distribution for 12 months from April
one, they said.  The proposed share-out would still include shortfall
declarations, they said.  Reuter


money-supply

U.S. COMMERCIAL PAPER FALLS 375 MLN DLRS IN FEB 18 WEEK, FED SAYS




money-supply

N.Y. BUSINESS LOANS FALL 195 MLN DLRS IN FEB 18 WEEK, FED SAYS




money-supply

NEW YORK BANK DISCOUNT WINDOW BORROWINGS 64 MLN DLRS IN FEB 25 WEEK




money-supply

NEW YORK BUSINESS LOANS FALL 195 MLN DLRS

NEW YORK, Feb 26 -

Commercial and industrial loans on the books of the 10 major New York
banks, excluding acceptances, fell 195 mln dlrs to 65.06 billion in
the week ended February 18, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York said.
Including acceptances, loans declined 114 mln dlrs to 65.89 billion.
Commercial paper outstanding nationally dropped 375 mln dlrs to 336.63
billion.  National business loan data are scheduled to be released on
Friday.  Reuter


cocoa

BAHIA COCOA REVIEW

SALVADOR, Feb 26 -

Showers continued throughout the week in the Bahia cocoa zone,
alleviating the drought since early January and improving prospects
for the coming temporao, although normal humidity levels have not been
restored, Comissaria Smith said in its weekly review.  The dry period
means the temporao will be late this year.  Arrivals for the week
ended February 22 were 155,221 bags of 60 kilos making a cumulative
total for the season of 5.93 mln against 5.81 at the same stage last
year. Again it seems that cocoa delivered earlier on consignment was
included in the arrivals figures.  Comissaria Smith said there is
still some doubt as to how much old crop cocoa is still available as
harvesting has practically come to an end. With total Bahia crop
estimates around 6.4 mln bags and sales standing at almost 6.2 mln
there are a few hundred thousand bags still in the hands of farmers,
middlemen, exporters and processors.  There are doubts as to how much
of this cocoa would be fit for export as shippers are now experiencing
dificulties in obtaining +Bahia superior+ certificates.  In view of
the lower quality over recent weeks farmers have sold a good part of
their cocoa held on consignment.  Comissaria Smith said spot bean
prices rose to 340 to 350 cruzados per arroba of 15 kilos.  Bean
shippers were reluctant to offer nearby shipment and only limited
sales were booked for March shipment at 1,750 to 1,780 dlrs per tonne
to ports to be named.  New crop sales were also light and all to open
ports with June/July going at 1,850 and 1,880 dlrs and at 35 and 45
dlrs under New York july, Aug/Sept at 1,870, 1,875 and 1,880 dlrs per
tonne FOB.  Routine sales of butter were made. March/April sold at
4,340, 4,345 and 4,350 dlrs.  April/May butter went at 2.27 times New
York May, June/July at 4,400 and 4,415 dlrs, Aug/Sept at 4,351 to
4,450 dlrs and at 2.27 and 2.28 times New York Sept and Oct/Dec at
4,480 dlrs and 2.27 times New York Dec, Comissaria Smith said.
Destinations were the U.S., Covertible currency areas, Uruguay and
open ports.  Cake sales were registered at 785 to 995 dlrs for
March/April, 785 dlrs for May, 753 dlrs for Aug and 0.39 times New
York Dec for Oct/Dec.  Buyers were the U.S., Argentina, Uruguay and
convertible currency areas.  Liquor sales were limited with
March/April selling at 2,325 and 2,380 dlrs, June/July at 2,375 dlrs
and at 1.25 times New York July, Aug/Sept at 2,400 dlrs and at 1.25
times New York Sept and Oct/Dec at 1.25 times New York Dec, Comissaria
Smith said.  Total Bahia sales are currently estimated at 6.13 mln
bags against the 1986/87 crop and 1.06 mln bags against the 1987/88
crop.  Final figures for the period to February 28 are expected to be
published by the Brazilian Cocoa Trade Commission after carnival which
ends midday on February 27.  Reuter


earn

DEAN FOODS &lt;DF&gt; SEES STRONG 4TH QTR EARNINGS

CHICAGO, Feb 26 -

Dean Foods Co expects earnings for the fourth quarter ending May 30 to
exceed those of the same year-ago period, Chairman Kenneth Douglas
told analysts.  In the fiscal 1986 fourth quarter the food processor
reported earnings of 40 cts a share.  Douglas also said the year's
sales should exceed 1.4 billion dlrs, up from 1.27 billion dlrs the
prior year.  He repeated an earlier projection that third-quarter
earnings "will probably be off slightly" from last year's 40 cts a
share, falling in the range of 34 cts to 36 cts a share.  Douglas said
it was too early to project whether the anticipated fourth quarter
performance would be "enough for us to exceed the prior year's overall
earnings" of 1.53 dlrs a share.  In 1988, Douglas said Dean should
experience "a 20 pct improvement in our bottom line from effects of
the tax reform act alone."  President Howard Dean said in fiscal 1988
the company will derive benefits of various dairy and frozen vegetable
acquisitions from Ryan Milk to the Larsen Co.  Dean also said the
company will benefit from its acquisition in late December of Elgin
Blenders Inc, West Chicago.  He said the company is a major
shareholder of E.B.I. Foods Ltd, a United Kingdom blender, and has
licensing arrangements in Australia, Canada, Brazil and Japan.  "It
provides ann entry to McDonalds Corp &lt;MCD&gt; we've been after for
years," Douglas told analysts.  Reuter


earn

STANDARD TRUSTCO SEES BETTER YEAR

Toronto, Feb 26 -

Standard Trustco said it expects earnings in 1987 to increase at least
15 to 20 pct from the 9,140,000 dlrs, or 2.52 dlrs per share, recorded
in 1986.  "Stable interest rates and a growing economy are expected to
provide favorable conditions for further growth in 1987," president
Brian O'Malley told shareholders at the annual meeting.  Standard
Trustco previously reported assets of 1.28 billion dlrs in 1986, up
from 1.10 billion dlrs in 1985. Return on common shareholders' equity
was 18.6 pct last year, up from 15 pct in 1985.  Reuter


earn

HANDY AND HARMAN &lt;HNH&gt; 4TH QTR LOSS

NEW YORK, Feb 26 -

Shr loss 51 cts vs loss three cts Net loss 7,041,000 vs loss 467,000
Rev 138.9 mln vs 131.4 mln 12 months Shr loss 64 cts vs profit 46 cts
Net loss 8,843,000 vs profit 6,306,0000 Rev 558.9 mln vs 556.7 mln
NOTE: Net loss for 4th qtr 1986 includes charge for restructuring of
2.6 mln dlrs after tax, or 19 cts a share.  1986 net loss includes
after tax special charge of 2.7 mln dlrs, or 20 cts a share.  Reuter


coffee

ICO PRODUCERS TO PRESENT NEW COFFEE PROPOSAL

LONDON, Feb 26 -

International Coffee Organization, ICO, producing countries will
present a proposal for reintroducing export quotas for 12 months from
April 1 with a firm undertaking to try to negotiate up to September 30
any future quota distribution on a new basis, ICO delegates said.
Distribution from April 1 would be on an unchanged basis as in an
earlier producer proposal, which includes shortfall redistributions
totalling 1.22 mln bags, they said.  Resumption of an ICO contact
group meeting with consumers, scheduled for this evening, has been
postponed until tomorrow, delegates said.  Reuter


earn

WALGREEN CO &lt;WAG&gt; 2ND QTR FEB 28 NET

DEERFIELD, Ill, April 8 -

Shr 62 cts vs 58 cts Qtly div 13-1/2 cts vs 13-1/2 cts prior Net 38.8
mln vs 35.7 mln Revs 1.18 billion vs one billion Six mths Shr 84 cts
vs 86 cts Net 52 mln vs 52.9 mln Revs 2.14 billion vs 1.82 billion
NOTE: Results include charge of four cts shr for latest six mths vs
credit of five cts shr for prior six mths from investment tax credit
Dividend payable June 12, record May 21 Reuter




